REGULATION OF THE ASSOCIATION <br> <br>

1. NAME <br>
The name of the Association is La Huerta GastroClub (hereinafter, "La Huerta"). <br> <br>

2. OBJECT OF THE CLUB <br>
The purpose of the club is to make available to the users of Marina Port Vell, its guests and friends, maritime leisure facilities.<br><br>

3. DEFINITIONS <br>
3.1 The Club facilities are located in the Moll de la Barceloneta, 1 - Barcelona 08039. <br>
3.2 Club members do not have any financial responsibility due to their affiliation. <br>
3.3 For the purposes of these Regulations, "the Board" refers to the Board of Directors of the Company and the term "Director" refers to any member of the Board of Directors.<br><br>

4. SECRETARY <br>
4.1 The director of OneOcean Club acts as Secretary of the Club (hereinafter "the Secretary") and is responsible for the proper functioning of the Club as determined by the Council.<br>
4.2 In this Regulation, the term "Secretary" includes any person appointed by the Council to act as secretary. <br> <br>

5. ADVISORY BOARD <br>
5.1 Periodically, the Company may appoint an Advisory Board to support and promote the development of the club in the world of sailing.<br>
5.2 The composition of the Advisory Board is at the discretion of the Company and may be dissolved at any time.<br><br>

6. PARTNERS COMMITTEE <br>
6.1 The Company may appoint a Members' Committee (hereinafter "the Committee") in order to promote the interests of the Club. Home
6.2 This Committee shall have authority, as determined by the Council, on matters relating to membership. <br>
6.3 The composition of the Committee is at the discretion of the Company and may be dissolved at any time.

7. PARTNERS <br>
7.1 The Club shall consist of full members and honorary members. The mooring owners and the owners and captains of the boats that are housed in the marina will automatically become members of the Club.
7.2 As Marina users, all Club members will have access to Marina Port Vell facilities. <br>
7.3 To be a member of the Club, it must be requested.
7.4 Employees and former employees of the Company may not be members of the club without the prior consent of the Secretary.
7.5 The Company may, in due course, add additional categories of partners or modify the conditions that regulate each category. These additions or modifications will be posted in a prominent place of the club for at least 14 days prior to their application.
7.6 The members, regardless of their category, will enjoy the same rights and privileges of the Club, in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations and as determined by the Company.

8. HONORARY PARTNERSHIPS <br>
8.1 Election by the Members Committee:
The Members Committee may invite to be an Honorary Member to any person who, in the opinion of the
Partners Committee:
A) has rendered an exceptional service or benefit to the Club;
B) provide an exceptional service or benefit to the Club;
C) be a distinguished member of the nautical community, or d) be a representative of an associated club or affiliate.
8.2 Election by the Company. Home
The Company has the power to elect an honorary member to any person deemed appropriate (including full members).
8.3 Honorary members shall have the right to make full use of the premises and facilities of the Club in accordance with these Regulations.
8.4 Full members who are offered honorary membership shall cease to be full partners upon acceptance of such an offer.
8.5 The appointment of an honorary member is granted for a period of 12 months. After that period, each honorary member will be re-elected annually, unless the Company decides not to reappoint him an honorary member.
8.6 The appointment of an honorary member is granted at the discretion of the Company and may be revoked at any time.

9 PROCEDURE FOR APPROVAL AND ELECTION OF PARTNERS
9.1 Candidates requesting affiliation must state their name and data in the form provided by the Secretary or found on oneocean.es. Candidates must provide additional information regarding themselves and their candidacy that the Secretary may request.
9.2 Candidates for members must have the support of a proponent who must be a member of the Club. If the Secretary so requires, the proponent must send a letter of support indicating when he knows the candidate and providing the relevant information in support of his opinion that the candidate is qualified to be a partner by virtue of their relationship or interest with respect to the object Of the Club.
9.3 The election of members shall be made by the Committee, which shall decide by secret ballot, if necessary.
9.4 The reasons for not admitting non-elected candidates will not be justified.
9.5 Once approved by the Committee, the Secretary will notify the candidate who has been admitted as a club member, subject to compliance with these Regulations, provide a copy of the same and request that he deliver to the Secretary what is detailed below.

10. MEMBERSHIP ADDRESSES
Members shall promptly inform the Secretary of any change of address.

11. ADMISSION
11.1 Members who do not stay at the marina must present their membership card and sign in the reception book. Also, they must legibly register the name (s) of their guest (s).
11.2 The members must accompany their guests while they remain in the Club, be responsible for their conduct and must ensure that the guests comply with the Club Regulations. Guests must sign at check-in. The member must provide the names of their guests in advance.
11.3 The Secretary may decide that, on certain days, the members can not access certain areas of the Club.
11.4 The Company may at any time limit the number of persons a member may invite.
11.5 The Company or the Secretary may deny the admission to the club of any person in its absolute discretion and without need of justification.

12. DISCIPLINE AND EXPULSION OF PARTNERS
12.1 Members may renounce their membership at any time by letter or e-mail delivered to the Secretary at the Club's address.
12.2 The Company or the Secretary may expel, at all times, any partner, guest or other person for a voluntary breach of the Club's rules.
12.3 The Company or the Secretary may expel from the Club (or suspend its affiliation for a specified period) to any partner whose conduct, in the opinion of the Company or the Secretary, may be detrimental to the character or interests of the club or which is inappropriate To interact with their partners.
12.4 Before expulsion or suspension of a partner, the conduct of the alleged offender shall be investigated and the person concerned shall have the opportunity to defend himself and to justify or explain his behavior.
12.5 Once the facts have been investigated, if the Company or the Secretary considers that the partner is guilty of the conduct indicated and could not justify or explain in a satisfactory manner, the Company / Secretary may expel or suspend the offender in its discretion .
12.6 Nothing in these provisions prevents the Company or the Secretary from requesting a member to resign and, if said request is satisfied within a period of fourteen days, no resolution of expulsion will be proposed.
12.7 The expelled member loses all the privileges of the affiliation without right to claim.
12.8 In all matters of discipline of the Club, the decision of the President of Marina Port Vell SAU will be final.


13. BEHAVIOR OF THE PARTNERS
13.1 Members and their guests should wear appropriate clothing when they are in the Club.
13.2 Members may not use the name, address or logo of the Club in advertisements, brochures or letter headers for commercial purposes, unless they have written authorization from the Secretary.


14. CONDUCT OF THE GUESTS
14.1 The members shall be fully responsible for the conduct of their guests. Members must ensure that their guests comply with the club's Rules, By-Laws and Rules.
14.2 Members shall be responsible for ensuring full and timely payment of what their guests consume.
14.3 Guests may not remain in the Club after their sponsor partner leaves.


15. PROPERTIES OF PARTNERS
Properties entrusted by a member or his or her guests to a member of the Club's staff for custody or for any other purpose, or left on Club premises shall be at the partner's own risk. Neither the Company nor the Club shall be liable for any loss or damage suffered by said property or loss or indirect damages of any kind.


16. CLAIMS
16.1 Claims must be addressed to the Secretary in writing. There are official claim forms at the reception.
16.2 Members may not personally rebuke Club staff members.


17. RECIPROCAL AGREEMENTS
The Company is empowered to negotiate agreements with other clubs on such terms as it deems appropriate so that Club members may dispose of the facilities of other clubs in exchange for making the facilities available to the members of those clubs.

18 RECIPROCAL PARTNERS
18.1 All club members with whom reciprocal agreements have been established, pursuant to Rule 17 above (hereinafter "Reciprocal Partners") may use the Club.
18.2 Reciprocal partners may use the Club for up to 28 days per calendar year, after which they may only use the Club at the discretion of the Secretary.
18.3 The reciprocal partners are bound by the rules of the Club.
18.4 Reciprocal partners may bring guests to the Club under the same conditions as full members.
18.5 The reciprocal partners must provide proof of their affiliation to the corresponding reciprocal club and must sign in the check-in that is at the reception.


19. AMENDMENT OF REGULATION
This Regulation may be revoked, supplemented or modified by the Company at any time, provided that, in the event of revocation, supplementation or modification thereof:
A) It is allowed to cancel the affiliation or suspend the partners in a different way to that indicated in Rule 12.5.
B) If the objectives of the Club are modified, the members must be notified in writing 14 days in advance.


20. DISPUTES
Any dispute or difference that may arise with respect to the meaning or interpretation of these Regulations, or with respect to the powers of the executives shall be resolved by the Company, being its final decision and binding for all Club members.


21. DISSOLUTION
In the event of dissolution of the Company or the Club, the partners shall not have any right over the property of the Company or the Club.


22. INTERPRETATION
In this Regulation:
A) Headings have been included for ease of reference only.
B) In this Regulation, it is understood that the masculine includes the feminine, and the singular, the plural and vice versa, except when the concept so requires.
C) If any rule is not legal, this does not imply that the remaining rule is not, unless determined by the courts.
D) The Regulation will operate under the jurisdiction of the Spanish courts.


23. STATUTES
The Company may establish Statutes to regulate and manage the Club, and may modify or revoke them, and the Statutes may not contravene these Regulations.


24. BINDING EFFECT OF REGULATIONS AND STATUTES
All partners shall be bound to respect this Regulation and the Statutes drawn up in accordance with Rule 23.
Membership to OneOcean Club is limited to OneOcean Barcelona, ​​located in Marina Port Vell. We reserve the right to renew your membership.

STATUTES

1. ADMISSION
A) Members and guests may enter areas for Club members during the usual admission hours.
B) The Company may decide that, on certain days, the partners may not access the zones for members by closing, renting for exclusive private use by third parties, or for any other reason that the Company considers to justify its temporary closure .
C) Schedule of The Cocktail Bar
to. Breakfast: 08: 00-10: 30
B. Lunch and dinner: 13: 00-01: 00
D) One Ocean Restaurant Club Schedule
to. Lunch: 13: 00-16: 00
B. Dinner: 20: 30-23: 00

2. RESERVATIONS
A) Table reservations for the One Ocean Restaurant must be made through the reception.
B) Reservations and cancellations for Club events, private parties and business events must be made through the office of the Secretary or the Director of Club House.
C) The places for Club events will only be reserved or issued upon receipt of payment by credit card or account, if it has been agreed to make the payment by direct charge. You will only be refunded if the office of the Secretary receives cancellation with a minimum term of 48 hours before the event. Cancellations received within 24 hours prior to the date of reservation may be subject to penalty, as determined by the Company from time to time.

3. GUESTS
A) Members may bring guests who are 18/12 years old (with supervision)
B) A member may invite a maximum of 15 people each time, unless he has confirmed in advance a reservation for a party or private dinner.
C) Guests entering the Club must be accompanied by a member, not being able to stay in the Club in the absence of the host partner.
(D)
and)
1. Former partners who have been expelled.
2. Members who are suspended.

4. SALE AND SUPPLY OF ALCOHOL
The club will not serve alcoholic beverages to those under 18 years, according to the laws in force.

5. LOST OBJECTS
The Club and the employees of the Company, in the exercise of their functions, will not be responsible.

6. BAGGAGE
Members may not deposit luggage for storage at the Club unless otherwise agreed in writing with the Secretary.

7. NEIGHBORHOODS
In consideration of our neighbors, the partners are obliged at all times to leave, and to guarantee the departure of their guests, from the premises, without making noise.



CERTIFICATION
Mrs. Montserrat Guiu Iniesta, Interpreter Jury of English, Spanish and Catalan, certify that the above is a faithful and complete translation into Spanish of a document written in English.

In Barcelona, ​​on the twenty-seventh of October, two thousand fourteen.
